Adding notes for Front End setup (#47)
elifesciences/sciencebeam-texture: README.md

* Downloads sample PDFs
* Converts PDF by running the _elifesciences/sciencebeam_ container

## Front End

>  * To setup the Front End so you see styling changes then look at the README file in the demo folder (/demo/README.md).

Reviewer: I hope you don't mind a rewording suggestion (to make it clear that it avoid having to rebuild the docker image). Also Markdown linting:

```suggestion

* Please read the [README file in the demo folder](demo/README.md) to setup the Front End for seeing styling changes, without needing to rebuild the Docker image.
```
